Add API stubs for the WebUSB transfer result interfaces (#6)
GoogleChromeLabs/puppy-content: content/en-US/api/USBIsochronousInTransferPacket/USBIsochronousInTransferPacket.md

---
recipe: api-feature
title: '[[USBIsochronousInTransferPacket]]'
mdn_url: /en-US/docs/Web/API/[[USBIsochronousInTransferPacket]]
specifications: https://wicg.github.io/webusb/#transfers
browser_compatibility: api.[[USBIsochronousInTransferPacket]]
---

## Description

The `USBIsochronousInTransferPacket` interface of the WebUSB API is part of the response from a call to the `isochronousTransferIn()` method of the `USBDevice` interface. It represents the status of an individual packet from a request to transfer data from the USB device to the USB host over an isochronous endpoint.

## Constructor

Creates a new `USBIsochronousInTransferPacket` object with the provided `status` and `data` fields.

## Properties

**`USBIsochronousInTransferPacket.data`**

> Returns a `DataView` over the data returned from the USB device in this packet, if any.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Returns a `DataView` object containing the data returned from the USB device in this packet, if any.
```
